doc/source/contents.rst, before:

.. NLPy documentation master file, created by sphinx-quickstart on Mon Nov 24 15:13:31 2008.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

==================
NLPy documentation
==================

:Release: |version|
:Date: |today|

.. module:: nlpy

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Introduction <introduction>
   Modeling in NLPy <modeling>
   Direct Solution of Systems of Linear Equations <linalg>
   Iterative Solution of Systems of Linear Equations <krylov>
   Optimization Tools <optim>


Some pages of this documentation display equations via the `jsMath
<http://www.math.union.edu/~dpvc/jsMath/welcome.html>`_ package. They should
look reasonably good with most setups but the best rendering is obtained by
installing the TeX fonts. Please refer to
`http://www.math.union.edu/~dpvc/jsMath/users/welcome.html
<http://www.math.union.edu/~dpvc/jsMath/users/welcome.html>`_.

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

Commit message:

Many updates to documentation and docstrings.
o  Put together the whole reference section of the documentation.
   The rest is still inexistant, save for the paper.

o  Along the way, updated several docstrings. Still many to go.

doc/source/contents.rst, after:

.. NLPy documentation master file, created by sphinx-quickstart on Mon Nov 24 15:13:31 2008.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

##################
NLPy documentation
##################

:Release: |version|
:Date: |today|

.. module:: nlpy

.. warning::

   Much remains to be done in terms of documentation. For now, the paper and
   inline documentation are all there is. With time, these pages will grow.
   Inline documentation is reproduced below in much more readable form. Please
   alert me of all errors or insufficient documentation strings.

================
The NLPy Library
================

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Introduction <introduction>

=========
Reference
=========

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Modeling in NLPy <modeling>
   Direct Solution of Systems of Linear Equations <linalg>
   Iterative Solution of Systems of Linear Equations <krylov>
   Optimization Tools <optim>


Some pages of this documentation display equations via the `jsMath
<http://www.math.union.edu/~dpvc/jsMath/welcome.html>`_ package. They should
look reasonably good with most setups but the best rendering is obtained by
installing the TeX fonts. Please refer to
`http://www.math.union.edu/~dpvc/jsMath/users/welcome.html
<http://www.math.union.edu/~dpvc/jsMath/users/welcome.html>`_.

Indices and tables
==================

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`
